net.minecraft.client.renderer.Matrix3f org.lwjgl.util.vector.Matrix3f
net.minecraft.client.renderer.Matrix4f org.lwjgl.util.vector.Matrix4f
net.minecraft.client.renderer.Matrix4f write() org.lwjgl.util.vector.Matrix4f store()
net.minecraft.client.renderer.Quaternion org.lwjgl.util.vector.Quaternion
net.minecraft.client.renderer.Vector3f org.lwjgl.util.vector.Vector3f
net.minecraft.client.renderer.Vector4f org.lwjgl.util.vector.Vector4f
net.minecraft.client.gui.screen.Screen net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiScreen
net.minecraft.client.gui.widget.Widget net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiButton
net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPlayer net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.PlayerRenderer
net.minecraft.entity.player.PlayerEntity net.minecraft.entity.player.EntityPlayer
com.mojang.blaze3d.systems.RenderSystem net.minecraft.client.renderer.GlStateManager
net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.PlayerRenderer net.minecraft.client.renderer.entity.RenderPlayer
net.minecraft.client.world.ClientWorld net.minecraft.client.multiplayer.WorldClient
net.minecraft.client.entity.player.ClientPlayerEntity net.minecraft.client.entity.EntityPlayerSP
net.minecraft.client.network.play.ClientPlayNetHandler net.minecraft.client.network.NetHandlerPlayClient
net.minecraft.potion.EffectInstance net.minecraft.potion.PotionEffect
net.minecraft.util.text.StringTextComponent net.minecraft.util.text.TextComponentString
net.minecraft.client.GameSettings net.minecraft.client.settings.GameSettings
net.minecraft.client.gui.NewChatGui net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiNewChat
net.minecraft.client.gui.screen.MainMenuScreen net.minecraft.client.gui.GuiMainMenu
net.minecraft.network.play.server.SChatPacket net.minecraft.network.play.server.SPacketChat





